Nicholas Gregory Vitovitch takes joy in everyone and everything. His eccentricity and gregarious nature is a rarity and a gift to anyone with the patience for his antics.  Underneath his colorful exterior Nick is intensly intellectual with knack for the sciences and  an insatiable curiosity for the Universe. His left-brained nature, however, doesn’t stop him from bursting into a duet at a moment’s notice.  His sunny demeanor is infectious.

Elizabeth Dorothy Gerger is 
She is a wellspring of creativity and takes no greater pleasure than inspiring those around her.  Her distinctive energy combines the vigor of youth and the wisdom of an old soul.  Though she lives in the hustle and bustle of New York City, Liz is never more in her element than when she spends an evening in the Pennsylvania woods.


Elizabeth Dorothy Gerger is a creative powerhouse.  A lively spirited individual with an intrepid and entrtrepaneurial drive.  Her passion and /something/ sure makes it hard to keep up!  A natural thespian and musician, you know you're within earshot of this beauty when you hear Belle's theme from the childhood classic "B&B".  A champion of childhood innocense.  A marvel of creative talent and sharp opinion.  Sharp as a tack and quick as a whip, this one.  Still haven't written a damn near poetic thing whil'e i've been sitting here.   


WHAT THE FUCK AM I SUPPOSED TO WRITE.


SHE"S PRETTY>  THERE IS THAT SUFFICIENT.  I'm having 


Goofball.  My favorite goofball.  Playful and genuine.  Unabashedly Liz.  She has no equal in terms of her spontaneous and dramatic flair..3


Elizabeth Dorothy Gerger is a spirited creative with bountiful dramatic flair.

You'll be convinced Elizabeth Dorothy Gerger is a piece of angel at your first glance: her exotic beauty, the shape of her eyes, her glowing smile...  She communicates unprescidented enthusiasm and interest in every topic (so long as it isn't anime) and harbors and equally grand passion for her own endeavors.  Elizabeth is a tireless worker and intense friend, but when she isn't running around the Big Apple you can bet to find her meditating deep in the Pennsylvania woods.  She leaps whole-heardedly into each and every endeavor.  Nothing settles to routine with this one - she harbors the wonderful curiosity and creativity of a child.  You might say all children, except two, grow up.

There's a spectacular

You'll be hardpressed to describe Elizabeth Dorothy Gerger as ordinary.

Lo







